What went well with this assignment?
    Planning this assignment out, using a flow Chart and UML diagram, went better than it had previously.
I have, so far, also done a better job at sticking to the Agile steps for working on a project.  

What did you struggle with?
    I have struggled with data marshalling and unmarshalling in this project, mostly
because there are multiple Orders_MMDDYYYY.txt files in play. I have also struggled to 
find how I might use the Spring Framework for selecting my mode. Though I mentioned 
above that I had done a better job at planning this project than I had the previous projects,
I am able to improve. During this process, I had times where I did not stay on the agile checklist.
It was too tempting at the time to start a different user story than what I should have been doing,
like working on removeOrder() when I should have been working on addOrder() and displayOrder().
I know I also jumped the gun by implementing Spring AOP, with the auditTrail. I did that because
I thought it would help me understand some of the problems I have had in my order dao with 
saving my orders. 

How and where did you seek help with this assignment?
    The first place I look is my notes, followed by the lessons from past milestones. If that
does not work, I take my problems to google, and the Java website. There are websites that instructors
had recommended in the past to better explain concepts that I had trouble grasping, and I 
have used those when I could not remember how something worked or why I was getting an error.
 After working on any given problem I have had with this program for about 30 minutes,as a rule I go for help at OOH. 
I write down any questions I am unable to find responses to, in order to ask on OOH, OOP, or 
when I have a mentoring session with my mentor. If I need feedback 
on an idea, or my charts and diagrams, I DM one of my instructors as needed and ask for feedback.

What unanswered questions do you still have?
    Specifically, I want to have a better understanding of Marshalling and Unmarshalling data.
I also want to learn how to use the SpringFramework to make my code simpler. I have looked
at the Spring website and glanced over what it may be used for, but only in passing. Each time
I went to that website was for an ad hoc reason, such as trying to understand AOP, DI. I have tried to work
out to learn how to use Spring to set the mode, but so far I do not understand how to accomplish that
completely.
